Docs/tc-185 Adding links/embedding new tutorial vid/Editing getting started and initial setup guides (#699)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/get-started/get-started.md

# Get started: Introduction

> <iframe width="100%" height="512" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6PNDBYtIimw" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: I'm not sure if autoplay is a good idea

Author: Autoplay removed and related videos set to channel-only. Thanks!

Get started with SpatialOS for Unity by launching a cloud deployment of our FPS Starter Project. This introduces you to the workflows and tooling you use with SpatialOS and Unity, allowing you to run your game at scale, with up to 200 simulated player-clients running in the cloud.

> Once you have completed this introduction, you are then ready to learn how to build your own features. The [tutorial for adding Health Pickups](https://docs.improbable.io/unity/alpha/projects/fps/tutorial) introduces you to this development experience.

Reviewer: `https://docs.improbable.io/unity/alpha/projects/fps/tutorial` should change too `{{urlRoot}}/projects/fps/tutorial`

Author: Fixed. Thanks! :D

Get started with SpatialOS for Unity by launching a cloud deployment of our FPS Starter Project. This introduces you to the workflows and tooling you use with SpatialOS and Unity, allowing you to run your game at scale, with up to 200 simulated player-clients running in the cloud.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6PNDBYtIimw?autoplay=0&rel=0" frameborder="0"  allowfullscreen, style="; float: right; margin: 10px 10px 30px 30px; " ></iframe>

### Get started video

> Found out whats inlvolved in getting started with our **Get started with SpatialOS for Unity walk-through youtube video**, based on our Get Started guide (15-minute watch). <br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Found out what's involved in getting started with our **Get started with SpatialOS for Unity walk-through youtube video**, based on our Get Started guide (15-minute watch). <br/>
```

### Get started guide

If you're ready to get started, the Get started guide takes you through setting up the GDK and launching the FPS Starter Project. <br/><br/>

<br/>

Once you have completed this introduction, you are then ready to learn how to build your own features. The [tutorial for adding Health Pickups]({{urlRoot}}/projects/fps/tutorial) introduces you to this development experience.

We recommend starting with the FPS Starter Project by going to the next step: [Set up]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/set-up.md), but you can get going with the [Blank Starter Project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/blank/overview) if you prefer this route.
<br/>

> **Note:** Whichever route you choose, you need basic proficiency in [programming in Unity](https://unity3d.com/programming-in-unity), version control systems (such as [Git](https://try.github.io/)), and [command line interfaces](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/intro_to_command_line/) to use the SpatialOS GDK for Unity.

#### Next: [Set up]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/set-up.md)

![Instant action in the FPS Starter Project]({{assetRoot}}assets/fps/headline.png)

> 

Reviewer 2: are these newlines needed?

Author: Nope. Removed.
